docs: add verawood rbac docs (#1497)
openedx/docs.openedx.org: source/educators/references/course_development/course_team_roles.rst

Course data researchers can:

* :ref:`View and download learner data <View Learner Data>`
* :ref:`View Anonymized Learner IDs`
* :ref:`View Certificate Data`
* :ref:`View Learners Not Yet Enrolled`

.. _New System Course Authoring Roles:

***********************************************************************
Course Authoring Roles Under the New Roles and Permissions System
***********************************************************************

.. note::
    These roles are available when your platform has enabled Course

>     Authoring — an opt-in feature disabled by default. See the operator
>     release notes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Authoring — an opt-in feature disabled by default.  This must be enabled by your site administrator. See:
```

+--------------+-------------------------------+----------------+------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 2025-03-07   | Docs WG                       |  Sumac         | `Fail <https://github.com/openedx/docs.openedx.org/issues/958>`_ |
+--------------+-------------------------------+----------------+------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | [DATE]       | [REVIEWER]                    | Verawood       | [PASS/FAIL]                                                      |

Reviewer: Please fill this out, and put the newest row _as the first row_
